---
layout: blogs-page
title: privacy policy
---

  We log usage of the site to help us optimize user experience.  Log data includes username, email address, ip address, device identifiers, date, time.

  Usage Information: We collect information about how you use our Services, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the 
  actions you take, and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities.

  Cookies: We use cookies to operate and administer our Site, gather usage data on our Site, and improve your experience on it. A “cookie” is a piece of information   
  sent to your browser by a website you visit. Cookies can be stored on your computer for different periods of time. Some cookies expire after a certain amount of 
  time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date set in the cookie (as determined by the 
  third party placing it), and help recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again (persistent cookies).

  Analytics and Tracking: we use google analytics for analytics, retargeting, and Advertising Reporting Features.  To opt out with google, please go to 
  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
 
  We may use Personal Information for the following purposes:

  To provide and administer access to the Services;
  To grant access to and track attendance at our events;
  To respond to your inquiries, comments, feedback, or questions;
  To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
  To analyze how you interact with our Services;
  To maintain and improve the content and functionality of the Services;
  To develop new programs and services;
  To prevent fraud, criminal activity, or misuses of our Services, and to ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture, and networks;
  To ensure compliance with sanctions regulations; and
  To comply with legal obligations and legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our Affiliates, you, or other third     
  parties.  
  
  INTERNATIONAL USERS
  By using our Services, you understand and acknowledge that your Personal Information will be transferred from your location to our facilities and servers in the 
  United States.

  You can contact us at naveen@garglet.com to request to update, correct, or delete your Personal Information on garglet.com. 

  Hacker new data:  For data stored on hacker news, please see their privacy policy at: https://www.ycombinator.com/legal

  
